guys he'll be gaming here and I'm back
with some more roblox we're doing this
game is it's jailbreak of it okay break
alright
police are prison I'm here q police your
prisoner their prisoner okay I'll be in
the same lobby yes
you're also a prisoner oh I wanted to
kill you
watch insert meme here
hey I'm having my on brand of tea right
now you can't see the brand cuz I'm not
sponsored but like yeah but that's what
you're having
I'm stuck in my cell I'm about to escape
you are well don't escape without that's
the exact same wait for you
we're not even in the same thing are we
crap no we are all right we are your
wall closed back in oh I'll wait for you
oh yeah prisoner
hey okay all I can do is report abuse
follow I'll wait for you okay oh wait
look so there's lifestyle right now a
thing but you're still in the cell go
out of the cell
I can't it's nighttime I cried out at
myself
well the cells just closed oh I'll reset
my character because okay yeah
all right I got yellow but I'll still
get out of myself
hello I see you or cellmates easier
hang on how do I get out of this Oh Oh
punch me but no no I meant I meant
something else all right okay yeah
follow me here all right I know how to
do this I've gotten out before hey have
you seen this new way it's it like just
yeah I know yeah I've seen it you can
blow up the side oh yeah you probably
saw that in my video you key cards first
or else we can't Robin yeah let's let's
wait for a guard you know we can rob but
don't know chop still stuff the donut
shop yeah we definitely want to rob that
we'll get like three bucks
now police guy no please guy alright
alright umm police guy can you come out
here go go go rob him shoot him shoot us
everyone up him rob him hey he shot me
hey I'm gonna I'm gonna escape right now
go to the explosion wall please I'm not
here I'm running away right now
I'm trying to get this guy thing alright
can i I don't want to lose this key card
can you stand still so I can rob you
I know right stop okay I need to get
this guy's key card first oh my gosh I
almost got it
I could didn't even give me anything
it's supposed to give you like $100 oh
wait whoa it got me three head thousand
Oh Frank you all and come to this car
I'll wait for you are you where are you
where are you wait for me wait for me
I'm at the corresponding location right
I'm running I'm running I'm running
I've keycard okay thank you
alright which is good cause if one of
them you guys well go up this wall come
on go go go go go well I got some
routers yay yeah come on
I'll Rev my engines oh I heard the wall
exploded yeah I know it's loud all right
I really hope they don't find me
come on yeah where are you where are you
what color car is it yellow this yellow
car all right I see one King the horn
all right I see you do you see a
prisoner running towards you right yes
go fast you shift your ending I'm
sprinting jump jump - jump - cuz jumping
works you yes do Batman
alright enter pass okay go you have to
drive it
wait let me lock alright yeah it's
locked hey I'm Macarena right let's we
need to head back to the criminal base
if there's any way to do that I know
that's where I'm going
oh you are okay cuz then we can get
stuff is there any way to save your
fellow first before we go to the
criminal race I'm gonna go somewhere
else okay
is there any way to save your progress
no it auto-saves
like all your money saves all your money
saves okay that's good that's like the
only important thing keep driving and
yes I know I walk I went right past the
a little race but that's because I
wanted to get a better gun
but you can get a better gun out here
yeah okay I got where are you going
but the heck you're not a good driver no
I oh that's fun
another shooting range to get a machine
gun whoo so you know where that is
found this while I was trying to get
money today
I'm gonna speed this part of the video
up cool I'm not so it's gonna be really
weird just talking because I'm too lazy
to edit
right first I mean you just selfie here
you go first let me turn off you know
what are you doing what what are you
doing
want to change my car that's too bad it
cost you money
Oh change it to something cool okay fine
I'll use my pixel texture cool oh that
looks awesome
yes let's do it we're gonna be super
obvious I was a beta user you think the
cops don't want you to look obvious
that's also obvious oh crap I just saw a
helicopter go go go wait what the heck
why'd you leave me Oh doughnuts okay we
robbed the government there's somebody
here there's somebody here
oh is that just again go go fast gotta
go fast hey give me your money fam I got
a doughnut meat you eat they don't it's
funny yeah you under $50 robbing him
hang on let me rob him hey hey get
robbed fam don't leave without me though
oh he doesn't have my honey who took all
of his money you literally took oh well
think you got a donut donut that's good
enough I'm happy wait don't eat me at
the guns don't know I oh okay
[Music]
all right let's go go go go go denne
denne
Jen Jen Jen Jen Jen Jen counter Oh
today kay now come over here just good
practice
we're shooting range range okay know
where it's on the other side either look
go back inside okay okay oh good what
does it do for you it's nothing okay
let's practice also you know it's also
fun to do what whenever whenever you're
in like a whole like situation wanna
know how to look cool no where are you
outside okay you just shoot up and down
and like an arc and it makes you look
cool makes you look powerful look at
this oh okay again the car should I
Drive no but I'm a better driver than
you
okay there's a cop at Scott that's a cop
that's a cop job go go go go go he
didn't see anything
you can see how he did we're a pixel car
there's no national speech no let's just
do a trick no don't do a trick there's a
helicopter do you want to look obvious
Oh guys did that wasn't here I was in
the locked car Shh
but we can scatter eyes driving the
cancer but we can be arrested in the
locked car
it's happened to me before
[Music]
oh crap Shh didn't do you think we are
selling my gosh there's two cop cars
[Music]
you'll see you think now there are a lot
of me Cole alright get your gun crap I
hear the caller op tur all right go go
go where we oh no put your other way
other way go back to the lake the lake
is safer all right let's go
safer just ghost first whim
go for a nice little swim to the
criminal base no you locked it I can't
get in all right
no just go for a nice little swim where
are we swimming to the criminal base me
okay where are you I'm right here I'm
underwater
oh I'm following I'm out of the water
like go up go up so I can see your head
okay there you are all right now where
I'll go underwater cable cuz they don't
make me like a stealthy little all right
well we lost my car but that's fine
that's fine I'll guess get in your car I
understand why I have to buy cars cuz
you're robbing stuff yeah I know right
like why can't you hijack a car you can
hijack a helicopter I got a blue Dona
that's so cool I like this pink donut oh
but it turns blue when you hmm
should probably help me donut your gun
out instead of donut nope alright I'm
following you and now I've lost you
where are you are you go okay come here
oh car car car car grass cop
we're shooting at him shooting all right
I'm running I'm running I'm running yep
we're close we're close oh I pop outside
of the criminal base I hate it when that
happens
okay you don't see me you do not see me
no one sees me I'll come back to you
I'll try to rob alright I have a car and
I gotta get a shotgun and a pistol cop
guys we're car guys wait for me at the
bay I'm stuck yes there we go or like
stay in the city at least how do I
change out of my prison jumpsuit oh you
collected a little fuckin what little
button make sure you can you click the
orange shirts
you're a cop guy cop right ok great
I'll click up tight it's not letting me
get the shotgun or the pistol you don't
kill me
hey sorry
if it doesn't know that I am this guy
okay he doesn't I don't think I'm eating
the donut you can't drop an item that
sucks means I can't get the shotgun I'm
gonna be in a car okay
why'd you have you maxed out your like
yeah it's three what do you think are
there any cop guys in here okay good all
right stay go back to that criminal base
if you're not all right as I am about to
hijack a helicopter all right I'm at the
chronal base so I'm kind of guarding it
cuz police can come in it
coming for okay all right so you'll be
in a helicopter right yep okay
also honk my horn because I'm cool
helicopters gonna let horns but okay I
know I said that in my last video I'm
like I don't think helicopters have
horns but okay yes they do now I'm
almost there you see me no oh there you
are
I'll meet you at the top of the there's
a ladder climb up a ladder ladder on
what building there's a cop in here
there's a cop I need you need to kick it
back up now come on
come on I need to get in here get it
running I'm running towards it get it
get it there we go
get it get it oh you can get from it to
a little lock it
yeah you shoot them try to shoot them
oh that was hole okay is let's try to
rob the jewelry store and we'll leave
the helicopter here get out of here your
pick hop step following us down at cars
now we're gonna do a true to your base
Rob alright hey there glad you know it's
not letting me get out alright there we
go
oh you can parachute from and then go
over down here go down here
I died down here I think I died I died
there's like there's a cop yeah yeah
there's a cop I told you we shouldn't
have done else I'll get me yeah I died
impossible for him sorry he killed me so
I go back to the criminal base so I mean
oh that's good that's good cuz he didn't
die oh you did die but you didn't like
die yeah here I'll meet you I'll get
gear and then I'll be at the top of the
building okay hey
there we go baba all right I don't have
a key card though that's the one problem
so you'll just need to let me into
places oh I cried you did I mean I don't
have a key card either oh now I'm in the
wrong camera hole base you are yeah are
you sure oh crap you are yeah oh crap
I'm in the other criminal base OOP
I'll get there eventually
where we should meet up somewhere meet
up at I don't know here I don't know my
way around very well so meet up at like
the radio tower or something I don't
know radio tower you know that's like a
little like satellite dish place in my
city but where where is that there's a
satellite dish place where is it though
I have no clue where it is it's in Lima
sits by the city all right never mind I
have a helicopter just tell me where you
are
I'm by that jewelry store or the diamond
store or whatever I have to hold out
so if cops come after there's a cop
literally right there and I'm hijacking
his helicopter nice ah that's fun so I'm
first where are you I'm hiding behind
the all right here let me see oh yeah
I'm at the jewelry store in the city we
were just on top of it no
hey can you honk you're all crap no I
got arrested good
oh no yeah I can get out though no I
might be able to save you were you on
top of it no no I'm in jail I got
arrested I didn't die
Oh Ron Ron Ron Ron there's a cop chasing
me
oh is it cool guy whatever yeah because
I was trying to save you mm-hmm so I
jumped on my helicopter all right well I
think we should end this recording
because we both got arrested so I'm not
arresting oh I thought you just got
arrested
nope okay then that's a bit awkward so
let's not end it recording oh okay then
fine then it's not in this recording
this guy is so chill he's not even
shooting me or anything that makes him
chill in my book that cool guy like I'm
just running around with a gun all right
I I do have to I think he gave up so
thank you guys for watching
why'd you have to go please do like if
you enjoyed watch it on his channel too
cuz why not but I'll see you guys in the
next video peace